*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 61695 ***

UNCLE WIGGILY AND THE PIRATES

or, HOW THE ENEMY CRAFT OF PIRATE FOX WAS SUNK

and, THE BOB CAT NEARLY SPOILED A NUTTING PARTY

also, UNCLE WIGGILY AND NURSE JANE GATHER MAY FLOWERS


TEXT BY HOWARD R. GARIS

Author of THREE LITTLE TRIPPERTROTS and BED TIME STORIES

PICTURED BY LANG CAMPBELL

NEWARK, N. J.

CHARLES E. GRAHAM & CO.

NEW YORK




IF YOU LIKE THIS FUNNY LITTLE PICTURE BOOK ABOUT THE BUNNY RABBIT
GENTLEMAN YOU MAY BE GLAD TO KNOW THERE ARE OTHERS.

So if the spoon holder doesn’t go down cellar and take the coal shovel
away from the gas stove, you may read

  1    UNCLE WIGGILY’S AUTO SLED.
  2    UNCLE WIGGILY’S SNOW MAN.
  3    UNCLE WIGGILY’S HOLIDAYS.
  4    UNCLE WIGGILY’S APPLE ROAST.
  5    UNCLE WIGGILY’S PICNIC.
  6    UNCLE WIGGILY’S FISHING TRIP.
  7    UNCLE WIGGILY’S JUNE BUG FRIENDS.
  8    UNCLE WIGGILY’S VISIT TO THE FARM.
  9    UNCLE WIGGILY’S SILK HAT.
  10   UNCLE WIGGILY, INDIAN HUNTER.
  11   UNCLE WIGGILY’S ICE CREAM PARTY.
  12   UNCLE WIGGILY’S WOODLAND GAMES.
  13   UNCLE WIGGILY ON THE FLYING RUG.
  14   UNCLE WIGGILY AT THE BEACH.
  15   UNCLE WIGGILY AND THE PIRATES.
  16   UNCLE WIGGILY’S FUNNY AUTO
  17   UNCLE WIGGILY ON ROLLER SKATES.
  18   UNCLE WIGGILY GOES SWIMMING.

Every book has three stories, including the title story.




_Made in U. S. A._

Copyright 1919 McClure Newspaper Syndicate. Trade mark registered.

Copyright 1920, 1922, 1924 Charles E. Graham & Co., Newark, N. J., and
New York.




How the Enemy Craft of Pirate Fox was Sunk
------------------------------------------

1. Once upon a time Curly and Floppy Twistytail, the two piggie boys,
thought they would play the game of Pirate. They whittled out some
wooden swords and made a wooden raft. On the raft they set sail across
the duck pond ocean. “We’ll sail over to Uncle Wiggily’s bungalow and
capture him,” grunted Curly. “What do we do after we capture him?” asked
Floppy. “Hold him for a ransom,” said Curly.

2. Uncle Wiggily, standing on shore, was surprised when the two piggie
boys leaped off their raft and captured him. “What’s all this, boys?” he
asked, twinkling his pink nose. “We are Pirates and we have captured
you,” grunted Floppy. “And you can’t get away until you pay us a ransom
of ten lollypops!” squealed Curly. So they tied Uncle Wiggily to the
mast. The bunny gentleman laughed at the fun.

3. The Fox and Wolf, hidden on shore, watched Curly and Floppy playing
at being Pirates and capturing Uncle Wiggily. “We could do that,”
growled the Wolf. “Do what?” asked the Fox. “Dress up and pretend to be
Pirates,” answered the Wolf. “Those pigs will soon tire of the game. We
can take their raft, sneak up and get Uncle Wiggily. He’ll think it is
all in fun and, before he knows it, we’ll have him!”

4. The Wolf was right. In a little while Curly and Floppy let Uncle
Wiggily go, for the piggie boys became tired of playing the Pirate game.
Uncle Wiggily gave them lollypops for a ransom. Then, while the piggie
boys went to play ball, and while Uncle Wiggily was asleep on the shore,
the Fox and Wolf, dressed like Pirates, and pretending to be friendly
animal boys, sneaked up to capture the bunny.

5. Before Uncle Wiggily was quite awake, the Fox and Wolf had caught him
and dragged him on the piggie boys’ raft which the bad animals took.
“Ha! Ha!” laughed Uncle Wiggily, when he saw what had happened. “This is
a good joke! You look just like real pirates, Curly and Floppy. But why
have you put on false faces? You didn’t do that at first. “Come, we’ve
had enough fun! Let’s go ashore!”

6. After a while Curly and Floppy grew tired of playing ball. They went
down to the shore of the duck pond ocean to get their raft once more,
but it was gone. “Oh, look!” squealed Floppy. “The Fox and Wolf have
taken our raft. They dressed up as Pirates, like us, and have captured
Uncle Wiggily! What shall we do?” Curly looked at the boat on shore. “To
the rescue! We must sink the enemy craft!”

7. No sooner said than done! Into the boat jumped Curly and Floppy.
“We’ll make believe this piece of stove pipe is a cannon,” said Floppy.
“And we’ll use cabbages, turnips and carrots for cannon balls!” His
brother said that was a good idea, and off they started after the raft,
which the Fox and Wolf were sailing away, taking Uncle Wiggily with
them. By this time the bunny knew he was in danger.

8. Straight toward the pirate raft went the boat. “Surrender!” cried
Floppy. “Give us back Uncle Wiggily or we’ll sink you!” The Fox and Wolf
rushed wildly about. “We ought to have guns!” howled the Fox. “Well, we
haven’t any!” snarled the Wolf. Floppy blew talcum powder through the
stove pipe cannon and threw cabbages, turnips and carrots until the Fox
and Wolf were ready to jump overboard.

9. One big cabbage hit the mast of the raft and broke it. A lot of
turnips knocked apart the craft of the Pirate Fox and Wolf. Into the
water leaped the bad chaps, hit all over with sharp carrots. “We’ll save
you, Uncle Wiggily! We’ll save you!” called Floppy and Curly. They took
the rabbit gentleman into the boat with them and rowed him safely to
shore, while the Fox and Wolf clung to the broken raft.




  And if the grasshopper doesn’t tickle the fountain pen under the chin
       and make it spill ink on the cocoanut cake, the next pictures
                       and story will tell how

                      IT’S LOTS OF FUN TO GATHER
                  NUTS AND ROAST THEM AT A FIRE. BUT
         WHEN THEY CALL UPON YOUR HEAD IT’S TIME THEN TO RETIRE.




The Bob Cat Nearly Spoiled a Nutting Party
------------------------------------------

1. One day Johnnie and Billie Bushytail, the squirrel boys, ran over to
Uncle Wiggily’s hollow stump bungalow. “Please come nutting with us,
Uncle Wiggily!” chattered the squirrels. “The nuts ate late this year.
We’ll find the trees loaded.” So while Uncle Wiggily held his tall silk
hat beneath a chestnut tree, the squirrel boys knocked nuts into-it.
“We’ll have a nut party!” laughed the bunny gentleman.

2. “We ought to have more than one kind of nuts at a party!” cried
Johnnie, when the bunny’s hat was nearly full. “I know where there’s a
hazel bush!” said Billie. “Let’s go there!” proposed Uncle Wiggily. And
when the three friends reached the hazel nut bush, the wind was blowing
so hard that it blew the nuts off the bush and into the bunny’s hat, and
the caps of the squirrel chaps. It was jolly fun!

3. “Haven’t we enough nuts now for a little party?” asked Johnnie. “I
think so,” answered Uncle Wiggily. “We’ll make a little camp fire on a
big rock in the woods, and roast the chestnuts. The hazel nuts do not
need roasting.” Soon a jolly party was gathered around the camp fire.
Just then along came the sneaky Bob Cat. “Oh ho!” said the Bob Cat to
himself, “I guess I’ll have some ears to nibble now!”

4. All of a sudden, while Uncle Wiggily and the squirrels were roasting
the nuts, up sprang the Bob Cat. Before the bunny could do anything he
was caught and tied in a wild grape vine, and so were the squirrel boys.
“I’ll take you off to my den,” said the bad Bob Cat, “and I’ll nibble
your ears when I get you there!” Uncle Wiggily begged and pleaded, but
the Bob Cat would not let him loose. Oh, dear!

5. On his way to his den the Bob Cat led Uncle Wiggily and the two
squirrels beneath a horse chestnut tree. Then Johnnie had an idea. He
quickly whispered to Uncle Wiggily while the Bob Cat was looking the
other way. Then the squirrel boy said: “Oh, Mr. Bob Cat, here are some
fine big nuts! Wouldn’t you like us to get you some of these nuts before
you nibble our ears?” The Bob Cat said he thought he would.

6. “If you loosen us we'll climb up and get you some great big horse
chestnuts!” chattered the squirrels to the Bob Cat. They didn’t tell him
horse chestnuts weren’t good to eat. “Very well,” snarled the Bob Cat.
“I'll loosen you long enough to have you get me some nuts. But I'll tie
Uncle Wiggily fast to the tree trunk,” and this was done. “We'll jiggle
nuts on the Bob Cat,” said Billie to Johnnie, whispering.

7. All of a sudden, when the Bob Cat was right under big clusters of the
sharp, stickery nuts, the squirrel boys began shaking down the horse
chestnuts. “Bing! Bang! Bung!” they fell all over the Bob Cat, pricking
him like a dozen pin cushions. “Stop! Stop! That’s enough!” howled the
bad chap. But Johnnie and Billie danced the harder, sending down more
prickery nuts to stick the Bob Cat. None hit the bunny.

8. Johnnie and Billie shook down so many of the big horse chestnuts in
their stickery green husks, that the Bob Cat was covered almost over his
head. Every time the Bob Cat moved and tried to get out from beneath the
nuts, they only pricked him the harder. “Oh, wow!” howled the bad chap!
“Come on!” cried Johnnie to Billie as they scrambled down the tree.
“Let’s untie Uncle Wiggily and run!”

9. While the Bob Cat was trying to crawl out from beneath the pile of
stickery horse chestnuts, Johnnie and Billie quickly loosened the grape
vine ropes from around Uncle Wiggily. None of the sharp nuts had fallen
on the bunny gentleman. “Good-bye, old Bob Cat!” cried the squirrel
boys, as they tossed a few more nuts on the pile, to make sure the bad
chap wouldn’t get out and chase them. But he couldn't!




  And if the egg beater doesn’t try to turn the rubber plant into an
       umbrella for the gold fish, the next pictures and story
                          will tell how

               UNCLE WIGGILY WENT ONE DAY, HIS BASKET
            TO FILL WITH FLOWERS OF MAY. AND, THOUGH HE
       GATHERED BLOSSOMS BRIGHT, HE ALSO HAD A TERRIBLE FIGHT.




Uncle Wiggily and Nurse Jane Gather May Flowers
-----------------------------------------------

1. One day Uncle Wiggily invited Nurse Jane Fuzzy Wuzzy to come with him
to the woods. “We shall gather a basket of May flowers,” said the bunny
rabbit. “Yes, and I suppose I shall catch cold and have the
sniffle-snuffles,” laughed the muskrat lady housekeeper. “But, come
along. Perhaps we shall have some adventures.” So, in the woods, the
bunny gentleman and Nurse Jane gathered flowers.

2. “I see some red flowers over here,” said Nurse Jane, after a time.
“I’m going to pick them.” She moved away from Uncle Wiggily. But while
the bunny was filling his basket, suddenly Nurse Jane came running back
all out of breath. “Oh, Uncle Wiggily!” she gasped. “The Skillery
Scallery Alligator is crawling after me! What shall I do?” Uncle Wiggily
twinkled his pink nose and said: “Let me think!”

3. Surely enough, while Uncle Wiggily was thinking and twinkling his
pink nose, along came the Skillery Scallery Alligator with humps on his
tail. “Well, Uncle Wiggily,” cried Nurse Jane, “Have you thought of
anything yet?” The bunny rabbit quickly jumped along with his basket of
flowers, at the same time grasping Nurse Jane’s paw. “Yes,” he said, “I
think we had better run! Come on!”

4. But though Uncle Wiggily and Nurse Jane ran very fast, the ’Gator
still came on after them, and at last the muskrat lady said: “We shall
never escape. You had better think again, Uncle Wiggily.” So the bunny
rabbit did. He saw an old stump, covered with toad stools. “I’ll make
myself look like a stump,” he said to Nurse Jane, “and you cover
yourself with blossoms so you look like a flower bed.”

5. Uncle Wiggily and Nurse Jane disguised themselves, and only just in
time. Along came the Alligator. “Well,” he growled, “I thought I saw
Uncle Wiggily and Nurse Jane, but I must have made a mistake. All I see
is an old stump or two and a bed of flowers. I can’t eat them. I want
ears to nibble!” The Alligator ambled away and Uncle Wiggily and Nurse
Jane stood up and thankfully shook paws. Wait a moment!

6. The rabbit gentleman and Nurse Jane had no more than stopped their
hearts from beating wildly, than the muskrat lady said: “Hark! I think
some other bad animal is coming!” And, surely enough, along stalked the
Woozie Wolf. “Come on!” whispered Uncle Wiggily to Nurse Jane. “We must
run again, I think!” Nurse Jane said the same thing. “We’re not getting
many flowers for your May basket,” she said.

7. Suddenly, right in the path of Uncle Wiggily and Nurse Jane appeared
a pond of water. “Oh, dear me! We're caught!” cried the muskrat lady.
“You can’t swim, Wiggy, and we haven’t time to run around the pond. What
shall we do?” Uncle Wiggily twinkled his pink nose. “We’ll wade into the
pond and pretend to be water lilies. We'll come out after the Wolf
passes. He’ll think we’re May blossoms.”

8. Uncle Wiggily and Nurse Jane waded into the pond, crouching down and
hiding every bit of themselves but their faces. Their faces they held
flat on the water trying to make themselves look like pond lilies. Up
came the hungry Wolf. “Well, I think I had better get myself some
glasses,” growled the bad chap. “I thought sure I saw Uncle Wiggily and
Nurse Jane, but here are only leaves and lilies.”

9. When the old Wolf slunk away, Nurse Jane and Uncle Wiggily crawled
out of the pond. “I suppose you'll scold me, Nurse Jane, for making so
much trouble with my May basket and getting you all wet,” spoke the
bunny rabbit. “Oh, not at all! Not at all!” laughed the muskrat lady. “I
had quite a jolly time! I am all wet and we haven't any flowers in the
basket. But we fooled the Wolf and 'Gator!”




When you have finished reading this nice little book, perhaps you
would like to read a larger volume about Uncle Wiggily.

If so, go to the book store and ask the Man for one of the Uncle
Wiggily Bedtime Story Books, they have a lot of Funny Pictures in and
31 stories—one for every night in the month. If the book store man has
none of these volumes ask him to get you one or send direct to the
Publishers,

A. L. BURT COMPANY,

114 EAST 23rd STREET

NEW YORK CITY




LOOK HERE!

This handsome book has large color pictures throughout and wonderful
stories. Ask the book store man for _Adventures of Uncle Wiggily_.

CHARLES E. GRAHAM & Co.

NEWARK, N. J.





End of Project Gutenberg's Uncle Wiggily and The Pirates, by Howard R. Garis

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 61695 ***
